doc(message): add more message types (#12)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/message.mdx

| CROSSPOSTED                             | 1 << 0  | This message has been published to subscribed channels (via Channel Following)    |
| IS_CROSSPOST                            | 1 << 1  | This message originated from a message in another channel (via Channel Following) |
| SUPPRESS_EMBEDS                         | 1 << 2  | Do not include any embeds when serializing this message                           |
| SOURCE_MESSAGE_DELETED                  | 1 << 3  | The source message for this crosspost has been deleted (via Channel Following)    |
| URGENT                                  | 1 << 4  | This message came from the urgent message system                                  |
| HAS_THREAD                              | 1 << 5  | This message has an associated thread, with the same id as the message            |
| EPHEMERAL                               | 1 << 6  | This message is only visible to the user who invoked the Interaction              |
| LOADING                                 | 1 << 7  | This message is an Interaction Response and the bot is "thinking"                 |

> | FAILED_TO_MENTION_SOME_ROLES_IN_THREAD  | 1 << 8  | Some roles were not mentioned or added to the thread.                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FAILED_TO_MENTION_SOME_ROLES_IN_THREAD  | 1 << 8  | Some roles were not mentioned or added to the thread                              |
```

> | SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | ???                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | Instructs the client to show an impersonation warning on any links in the message                                                                          |
```

> | SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | Instructs the client to show an impersonation warning on any links in the message |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | This message contains a link that impersonates Discord |
```

> | SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | This message contains a link that impersonates Discord                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | This message contains a link that impersonates Discord                            |
```

> | SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | This message contains a link that impersonates Discord                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SHOULD_SHOW_LINK_NOT_DISCORD_WARNING    | 1 << 10 | This message contains a link that impersonates Discord                             |
```

| SUPPRESS_NOTIFICATIONS                  | 1 << 12 | this message will not trigger push and desktop notifications                      |

> | IS_VOICE_MESSAGE                        | 1 << 13 | ???                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| IS_VOICE_MESSAGE                        | 1 << 13 | This message's audio attachments are rendered as voice messages |
```
